Tiberian Sun Patch
Ver. 1.13
September 29, 1999


The following is a list of bugs and additions included in 
this patch.

Design related issues.  Only effective in multiplay and 
skirmish.

Nod Artillery: 	Rate of fire decreased
		Damage decreased, approximately 20%
		Less effective against infantry

Nod SAM site:	Power requirements are now double.

GDI Disc throwers: Disc throwers now explode when killed 
and damage any nearby units.

Concrete and Firestorm walls:  These walls now build like
laser fences.  If you place one wall section and then 
place a second, a line is drawn indicating that a wall 
segment will be built between the two sections.  You are 
only charged for the cost of the end pieces of the wall, 
not the connecting pieces.  Also, walls can be sold but 
you will not receive money for sold sections.   
Note: If there is an obstacle such as a unit or structure 
that appears between the sections during placement, the 
two sections will not connect.


Bug fixes:

Structures cannot be built off of laser fence posts.

If you wall your MCV in and undeploy it, it no longer 
disappears.

Holding down 'X' (scatter) key or any other keyboard 
'event' generating command causes disconnect in modem or 
dialup internet game. 

Hunter Seeker code prioritizes targets that could affect 
end-game situations in multiplayer.

When harvester truce is enabled, hunter-seekers will no 
longer destroy harvesters.

Trainer programs can no longer cheat to unshroud the map.

Trainer programs cannot be used to disable Fog of War 
during a game where Fog of War has been enabled.

When the message 'Computer has been defeated' is printed 
when an AI loses, the message is printed in the color that 
matches the AI's units.

The crash caused when an engineer captures a construction 
yard while the building placement cursor is active is fixed.

Banshees can now fire on enemy units or force-fire on the 
ground within the area of effect of a stealth generator.

When ordering air units to travel to the top few spaces of 
a map where there is a lot of water, aircraft now land on 
the nearest spot of dry land rather than directly on the water.

The Firestorm defense no longer stays up indefinitely when 
power goes low.

The crash when destroying a vein hole monster has been fixed.  
This crash usually only happened after an extended period of 
gameplay once the vein hole monster has been killed.

The game can now run from any valid CD drive, not just the one 
with the first drive letter.

French and German sidebar text no longer overflows onto 
sidebar icons.

Ping meters are no longer partially covered by the scrollbars 
in the WOL lobby.

Find game dialog has been sped up. 

Occasionally when joining a full game channel an incorrect 
error message was displayed in your message window.  This 
no longer happens.










